the news is out synthesis bank in
Switzerland has been acquired by Saxo
Bank one of the leading online banks
headquartered in Copenhagen after a
fruitful partnership the two banks have
decided to become one under the name
Saxo Bank Switzerland the close
collaboration between the two banks made
it a natural step to unite under one
name to benefit from the synergies and
provide better service we have invited
the two CEOs the former CEO of synthesis
Charles sebi and the future CEO of Saxo
Bank Switzerland CERN moves to come in
and tell about the new bank a successful
partnership becomes a new bank Saxo Bank
Switzerland Charles what's the story the
story is a conviction of a business
model I am someone very involved in
trading i met kim from day one of the
CEOs of saxo bank who convinced me that
we could replicate institutional trading
for retail clients we installed saxo
bank technology in synthesis bank and
began three years ago with nearly zero
three and a half after it synthesis bank
is doing very good results we are now
one of the leaders in online trading in
Switzerland saxo bank wants to come in
Switzerland and innovate also its
products through global wealth
management so i think it's evident that
we are one bank so it was a natural
evolution it's not it's a perfectly
natural evolution yes in your view
Charles what is the synergy effect from
this transaction the first synergy is to
merge every IT tools it would save time
for the further the people who are
working in Geneva and Zurich and also
the tools will be
better quality because it's the direct
tool of the Saxo Bank the other
synergies saxo bank in denmark will
benefit from the Swiss knowledge of the
banking typically the private banking
and in the other side the people in
Switzerland a group are going to benefit
from the experience of over 10 years in
online banking and online trading from
Saxo Bank in Denmark what's the benefit
from from this who gains from this
transaction I I think everybody is
gaining from this let's begin with the
customers the customers are gaining
because they will have in front of them
a bigger counterpart than synthesis bank
on the other hand the employees are
going to gain a lot because they will
benefit from all the education which is
provided in in saxo bank they will
benefit about all of all the HR efforts
they will also benefit that it's it's a
it's a company which is at the higher
level than synthesis bank we they have
not seen Saxo Bank in Denmark do they
have over a thousand employees and I
think the growth is at the step which is
probably more advanced than synthesis
bank on the other hand the shareholders
are going to benefit also Saxo Bank is a
bank which made his proof since 10 years
in online trading now they arrived to a
valuation which is very comfortable and
probably the the evolution is providing
a lot because you are one of the
majority owners and the CEO of synthesis
what was your role in this and what is
your role gonna be my first new role
will be to be part of the senior
executive management of Saxo Bank as I
will head all trading operations on the
other hand I will stay present in
Switzerland I will
mmmm I will be a member of the board in
Switzerland probably the Chairman to
pursue the integration with Suren maza
which is going to be the new CEO now
there's foreign ownership of a bank
matter in our age not really because in
fact Switzerland is a is a banking
community with let's say the banking
secrecy which is an obligation synthesis
bank was owned also by a foreigner
because I own it through an example
holding now synthesis bank is a saxo
bank Switzerland will be owned by Saxo
Bank Denmark end Saxo Bank Switzerland
we'd have to follow the Swiss rules so
it doesn't matter at all in the age of
globalization nationale it doesn't
matter that much I don't think so now
any difference for your existing clients
I mean when you make a transaction like
this very often you will see there is
anxiety people become insecure uncertain
on what is in the cards for them any
difference for your existing clients is
which I think again it's only
improvements we have we will have to
communicate clearly to the clients that
now we are joining a bigger group than
us and they will benefit also in terms
of capital they will benefit also in
terms of evolution of products so I
think overall it's it's it's a question
of message to the customers to explain
to them that synthesis bank did the
right move to join Saxo Bank Group and
if we if we made this decision it was
obviously also for our customers finally
Charles is there's a big day for you
it's a very big day for me because first
of all is the achievement of the
execution of a process and I am very
proud of my tea
myself that now saxo bank was interested
to acquire us and now it's even a bigger
day because now we are all part of saxo
bank and we are going for a new
adventure